{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
And rejected 95% of them. Here's why.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 After reviewing every single application,\cb1 \
\cb3 the patterns are brutal:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 50% have irrelevant backgrounds\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 30% are juniors applying to senior roles\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 15% have the right title but weak portfolios\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 3-5% actually qualify\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 <1% stand out\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The worst part isn't the numbers.\cb1 \
\cb3 It's watching you sabotage yourself\cb1 \
\cb3 by making basic mistakes.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Here are 6 tips that would've saved many applications:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 1\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Put your portfolio link at the TOP of your resume.\cb1 \
\cb3 Make it clickable. Test it. Test it again.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Junior \u8800  Senior.\cb1 \
\cb3 UI designer \uc0\u8800  Product designer.\cb1 \
\cb3 Read the requirements.\cb1 \
\cb3 Apply to roles you actually qualify for.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 3\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Clean up your Figma files before sharing.\cb1 \
\cb3 Name your frames. Use components.\cb1 \
\cb3 Show your process. Not chaos.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 4\uc0\u65039 \u8419  In your case studies, start with a problem\cb1 \
\cb3 and your solution. Then dig deeper. Show me it's worth reading.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 5\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Have your own website. It's 2025.\cb1 \
\cb3 Behance and Dribbble are good for juniors.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 6\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Polish your portfolio. It's another piece of your work.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you don't care about it, nobody will care about you.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Harsh? Yes.\cb1 \
\cb3 Reality? Also yes.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The bar is getting higher every day.\cb1 \
\cb3 Adapt.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \uc0\u9996 \u65039 \cb1 \
\
\cb3 P.S. Share your best portfolio tip!}